story #1 - routine checkup

user Penny Perfect (PP) is a preschool teacher with a BS in developmental
education.

PP has just taken over a new classroom from a retiring teacher.  PP wants
to verify the exiting teacher has kept up to date with the WA State required fire and
earthquake drills.

The exiting teacher has created a user accout for Penny on the safety drill
logger app (SDL) which triggered an email to PP's gmail account. Penny reads
the email on her desktop Windows PC (windows 8, latest IE) and clicks on the
link to access the SDL.

As Penny is not currently logged in, her browser shows the SDL login page.
PP enters her SDL credentials and gets the drills list page.  She selects
her classroom's name in the filter, clicks 'search' and sees the list of all
safety drills performed for her class.  She notes that all drills have been
completed for the current quarter and closes the browser.


story #2 - dates needed warning

user PP

It is September and the new quarter has just started.  PP gets an email from
SDL warning that no new start & end dates have been set for the current quarter.

PP diligently clicks the link in the email, authenticates with SDL and gets a
page that prompts her for the start and end dates for the current quarter.  PP
enters the dates and clicks the 'submit' button.  PP gets the drills list page
which now includes drills for the current quarter and half that are showing as
not having a 'Date performed' date.  PP makes a mental note to perform the
drills soon and closes the browser.


story #3 - drill needed warning

user PP

PP has just received an email from SDL warning that the quarter is half over
and the fire drill has not been performed for her classroom.  Penny clicks the
link in the email, authenticates at the SDL login page, and gets the drills
list page.  She filters for her classroom and sees there is both outstanding
fire and earthquake drills that need to be performed in the current quarter.  PP
makes a mental note to perform the drills soon and closes the browser.


story #4 - fire drill

user PP

PP has performed a fire drill and wishes to log it in the SDL.  Penny opens an old
SDL email and clicks the link.  She authenticates and gets the default drills
list page.  PP clicks a navbar link titled 'log a drill' and gets the drill
logging page.  PP selects her classroom name from a list, then the drill type.
She correctly enters the date she performed the drill using a super slick date
entry control then hits the 'submit' button.  She gets returned to the
ubiquitous drills list page and a message is printed in the alerts area
confirming her drill has been logged.


story #5 - new teacher

user PP

PP needs to create an SDL user account for her assistant.  PP hits the SDL page,
authenticates, gets the default page.  She clicks the 'create new user' link in
the navbar and gets the create user page.  She's prompted for and enters the
new user's name & email address.  She gets the drills list page with an alert
message stating she's been successful.  An email is sent to the new user giving
a link to SDL and temp password maybe?


story #6 - change user info / Penny retires
story #7 - new classroom
story #8 - edit classroom
